Skinny Frost Puppy

high

# attacker can force send WETH to treasury or previous bidder by manipulating transaction gas and funds would stuck

## Summary
in Auction contract when contract send ETH, it uses hard coded gas for the external call. the issue is that the code doesn't check that gasLeft() is higher than 50K and there was less gas left, then the call would not have 50K gas and it would cause revert in the target contract. after than the Auction would try to send ETH as WETH to the target contract but target may not support it.
the outgoing ETH is used to send previous bidder ETH or Treasury funds. in current implementation treasury doesn't handle the WETH balance and other contracts that works with Auction and bid in the auctions may not have logic for handling WETH.

the issue can trigger by attacker sending low gas amount when calling `settleAuction()` or `createBid()` which will result in force WETH transfer to previous bidder or Treasury contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `_handleOutgoingTransfer()` code, which is called during new bid to send back previous bidder funds, and during auction settlements to send treasury funds:
```javascript
function _handleOutgoingTransfer(address _to, uint256 _amount) private {
        // Ensure the contract has enough ETH to transfer
        if (address(this).balance < _amount) revert INSOLVENT();

        // Used to store if the transfer succeeded
        bool success;

        assembly {
            // Transfer ETH to the recipient
            // Limit the call to 50,000 gas
            success := call(50000, _to, _amount, 0, 0, 0, 0)
        }

        // If the transfer failed:
        if (!success) {
            // Wrap as WETH
            IWETH(WETH).deposit{ value: _amount }();

            // Transfer WETH instead
            bool wethSuccess = IWETH(WETH).transfer(_to, _amount);
```
code uses hardcoded 50K gas to send ETH and if that transaction fails then code convert ETH to WETH and transfers the WETH. as you can see there is no check that to make sure that `gasLeft() > 50K` and the actual gas that is send to target contract will be `min(50k, 63 * gasLeft() / 64)` and this will give attacker opportunity to manipulate the call gas and cause revert for the call, as the both `createBid()` and `settleAuction()` are permissionless and anyone can call them and specify the gas for them.

in current implementation the treasury can't handle the WETH balance and if Auction contract sends WETH to Treasury, those funds would stuck in the contract.
This can happen to any contract that works with Auction contract too as bidder and they don't handle WETH. attacker can force send WETH to their addresses too.

This is the POC for issue:
1. suppose Treasury contract `receive()` function require 30K gas and Auction send 50K gas to it.
2. let's say the code execution `settleAuction()` until line `call(50k, )` (in `_handleOutgoingTransfer()`) requires 100K gas.
3. when an auction finishes attacker would call `settleAuction()` with only 120K gas.
4. `settleAuction()` code will get executed and when it reaches the `call(50k, )` to send funds to Treasury the `gasLeft()` would be 20K and code would send less than 20K gas to Treasury contract.
5. the logics of Treasury contract required more than 50K gas and the execution would revert.
6. then in the rest of function `_handleOutgoingTransfer()` code will convert ETH to WETH and send it to Treasury.
7. because Treasury doesn't handle WETH balance those funds will be locked.

The same attack can be applied to `createBid()` and force transfer WETH to previous bidder and if the previous bidder was a contract there is high chance that those contract won't be able to handle their WETH balance, and those WETH balance would be locked. (because `receive()` function of those contract required less than 50K gas, they may not add logic for handling WETH)

## Impact
attacker can cause fund lock to Treasury and previous bidder by forcing WETH onto them.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L517-L538

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
make sure that `gasLeft()` is higher than 50K when using `call(50k,...)`