Skinny Frost Puppy

high

# it's possible to proof middle nodes in merkle tree as leafs in MerkleReserveMinter

## Summary
Contract MerkleReserveMinter is a mint strategy that mints reserved tokens based on a merkle tree. the issue is that because there is no check for proofs length and leaf length equal to 2*hash_size, then it's possible to prove middle nodes of merkle tree. this will allow attacker to bypass merkle tree check logics and mint tokens to addresses that aren't supposed to be minted.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is a well known attack for merkle trees. the leaf hash is calculated like this: `keccak256(abi.encode(claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId))` and the intermediate nodes hash during proving is calculated like this: `keccak256(abi.encode(leftNodeHash, rightNodeHash)))`. so as you can see it would be possible to prove a middle node hashes as leaf. you can read previous similar reports here: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium-judging/issues/300

This is part of `mintFromReserve()` code:
```javascript

                // Requires one proof per tokenId to handle cases where users want to partially claim
                if (!MerkleProof.verify(claim.merkleProof, settings.merkleRoot, keccak256(abi.encode(claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId)))) {
                    revert INVALID_MERKLE_PROOF(claim.mintTo, claim.merkleProof, settings.merkleRoot);
                }

                // Only allowing reserved tokens to be minted for this strategy
                IToken(tokenContract).mintFromReserveTo(claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId);
```
as you can see code checks the proof with merkle tree and then mint `tokenId` to provided addresses. with this issue, attacker can mint tokens based on middle nodes hashes in merkle tree and bypass the list of (address, tokenId) that DAO funder specified for minting.
it's correct that to be able to mint NFT tokens the `tokenId` should be lower than `reserveNumber` but some DAOs that want to only mint tokens based on merkle tree would set `reserveNumber` very high and merkle tree node's hashes will be accepted for minting.

## Impact
attacker will able to bypass merkle tree checks and mint NFT tokens for other addresses than what funders specified.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L155-L167

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
either add proof length check or add some pre string for leaf hash calculations like: keccak256(abi.encode("leaf", claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId))