Deep Ivory Cheetah

medium

# `mintFromReserve()`is vulnerable to second preimage attack on merkle trees.

## Summary
The use of `abi.encode` in `MerkleReserveMinter.mintFromReserve()` makes it vulnerable to the second preimage attack. This vulnerability results in the potential validation of certain (`mintTo`, `tokenId`) pairs that are not included in the merkle tree leaves, thereby permitting unauthorized mints from addresses outside the specified allowlist.
## Vulnerability Detail
The second preimage attack on merkle trees is a well know issue when valid leaf values are 64 bytes. This enables attackers to use the concatenated hashes of two internal nodes of the merkle tree (32 bytes each) and pass this value to the merkle tree validation, leading to it being accepted as a valid leaf. Note this issue only arises when the leaf values are 64 bytes long.

In the `MerkleReserveMinter.mintFromReserve()` function, validation occurs as illustrated in the following snippet. Although the combined values of `mintTo` and `tokenId` are not 64 bytes long (20 + 32 = 52 bytes), the use of `abi.encode` adheres to the ABI spec, leading to the padding of the `mintTo` value (an address) to 32 bytes during the encoding process. Therefore as a consequence of the use of `abi.encode` the resulting value that will be hashed and validated is 64 bytes long, making it vulnerable to the issue described above.

```solidity
if (!MerkleProof.verify(claim.merkleProof, settings.merkleRoot, keccak256(abi.encode(claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId)))) {
	revert INVALID_MERKLE_PROOF(claim.mintTo, claim.merkleProof, settings.merkleRoot);
}
```
In the current code, the impact of this issue is partially mitigated by additional constraints in the code logic, limiting the number of valid (`mintTo`, `tokenId`) pairs resulting from the combination of internal nodes within the tree. For instance, due to the `Token.mintFromReserveTo()` check ensuring `tokenId < reservedUntilTokenId`, only internal nodes where `uint256(nodeValue) < reservedUntilTokenId` can be utilized. Additionally, valid `mintTo` addresses (20 bytes long) are restricted to internal nodes with trailing 12 bytes equal to zero.

The attack becomes feasible only when both conditions are satisfied, making it unlikely in real world scenarios. Although the possibility of such scenario is low, it is still non-zero, therefore this issue can be considered as medium severity.
## Impact
Under specific circumstances described above, (`mintTo`, `tokenId`) pairs not present in the merkle tree leaves can be validated correctly, leading to mints outside of allowlist.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L129-L173

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using `abi.encodePacked` instead of `abi.encode`, so the output from `abi.encodePacked(claim.mintTo, claim)` will be 20 + 32 = 52 bytes long and therefore not vulnerable to the issue reported above.
