Best Satin Otter

high

# Founder of `Auction` contract can abuse an overflow to bypass `ownershipPct` and `vestExpiry`

## Summary
- Founder of the `Auction` contract can call `Auction.setDuration()` to trigger an overflow to then call `contract_Auction.unpause()` to unpause the contract. 
- This overflow causes that all the auctions are completed instantly allowing anyone to call repeatedly `contract_Auction.settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()`. Every call would burn at least 1 Noun (the one that should be received by the `Auction` contract) but some calls would also mint Nouns to the Founders.
- This would allow founders to get initially the whole `totalSupply` of Nouns, bypassing the `ownershipPct` and the `vestExpiry` they were initially assigned.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `Auction` contract the `setDuration()` function performs a safe type cast to make sure that the `_duration` set fits in a `uint40` without causing any overflow:

```solidity
function setDuration(uint256 _duration) external onlyOwner whenPaused { 
    settings.duration = SafeCast.toUint40(_duration);

    emit DurationUpdated(_duration);
}
```
These same checks are also present in these lines when an auction is created:
[Auction.sol#L311-L312](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L311-L312)

Although, upon the creation of an auction the `endTime` is calculated within an `unchecked` code block:

```solidity
unchecked {
    // Compute the auction end time
    endTime = startTime + settings.duration;
}
```

As such, if `startTime + settings.duration` is higher than `type(uint40).max` the `endTime` of the auction will be actually set to a value lower than the current `block.timestamp`.

Moreover, the inial owner of the `Auction` contract will not be the DAO, it will be a `founder` account. This account could intentionally trigger this overflow by calling:
1. `contract_Auction.setDuration((type(uint40).max - block.timestamp) + 1)`
2. `contract_Auction.unpause()`

The auction created would have the following parameters:

```solidity
  tokenId -> 10000
  highestBid -> 0
  highestBidder -> 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000
  startTime -> 1701188471
  endTime -> 0
  block.timestamp -> 1701188471
  settled -> false
```

As the `endTime` is 0 (lower than the current `block.timestamp`) all auctions are considered ended and any user could call repeatedly the function `contract_Auction.settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()`. Why someone would want to do that? Now, lets imagine that the founder has also some `ownershipPct` assigned. In this case `founder1` got the 10% of ownership as shown below:

```solidity
IManager.FounderParams[] memory _founderParams = new IManager.FounderParams[](2);
_founderParams[0].wallet = founder1;
_founderParams[1].wallet = founder2;
_founderParams[0].ownershipPct = 10; // FOUNDER CAN EASILY BYPASS THIS
_founderParams[1].ownershipPct = 10;
_founderParams[0].vestExpiry = block.timestamp + 4 weeks; // FOUNDER CAN EASILY BYPASS THIS
_founderParams[1].vestExpiry = block.timestamp + 4 weeks; 
```

It happens that this `founder1` was also the initial owner of the `Auction` contract. He could intentionally abuse the overflow to call the `contract_Auction.settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()` as many times as wanted. All the calls would burn the NFT/Noun that should be received by the `Auction` contract but some calls would not only burn that NFT but also mint the NFTs to the founders. By doing this, the founders could mint as many NFTs as they wanted, getting the 100% of the totalSupply.

## Impact
Initial founder can mint as many NFTs as they want bypassing the `ownershipPct` assigned to them. The founders, after this exploit, would hold the 100% of the total NFT supply.

## Code Snippet
The test in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/r0bert-ethack/e5edecbbea8fad3280189fc7f48a31d9) demonstrates the above.

Run it with:

```solidity
forge test -vv --match-contract AuctionBypassVestExpiry --match-test test_bypassVestExpiry
```

Notice how after 393 calls, the sum of the NFTs owned by the founders is pretty much the entire `totalSupply` when it should be the 20% (10% of founder1 + 10% of founder2).

```solidity
  loopId -> 393
  contract_Token.totalSupply() -> 101
  contract_Token.balanceOf(founder1) -> 50
  contract_Token.balanceOf(founder2) -> 50
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Enforce a maximum duration that can be set when calling the `Auction.setDuration()` function. For example:

```solidity
function setDuration(uint256 _duration) external onlyOwner whenPaused { 
    require(_duration < 1 weeks, "Duration should be lower than 1 week");
    settings.duration = SafeCast.toUint40(_duration);

    emit DurationUpdated(_duration);
}
```
