Uneven Clay Rook

medium

# reservedUntilTokenId should not be used to calculate vested positions

## Summary
Because `reservedUntilTokenId` is used to calculated vested positions for owners it's likely that founders will get bigger amount of tokens than they should after migration.
## Vulnerability Detail
`reservedUntilTokenId` is parameter that marks amount of tokens, that should not be used using auction. They should be minted [only by special minter](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L211-L217). The reason we need this param is to make migration to l2. When migration will start, then `reservedUntilTokenId` will be set to the amount of already minted tokens. So later minter can mint them all to the recipients on l2. So when dao is deployed on l1 it will have `reservedUntilTokenId` as 0.

Now we need to talk about how vesting positions are calculated for the owners.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L161-L176
```solidity
                uint256 baseTokenId = reservedUntilTokenId;

                // For each token to vest:
                for (uint256 j; j < founderPct; ++j) {
                    // Get the available token id
                    baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

                    // Store the founder as the recipient
                    tokenRecipient[baseTokenId] = newFounder;

                    emit MintScheduled(baseTokenId, founderId, newFounder);

                    // Update the base token id
                    baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
                }
            }
```
As you can see, `baseTokenId` is initialized with `reservedUntilTokenId`. On l1 it will be 0 likely. Then we go through the percentage of founder and mark his vesting positions.

For example we have 2 founders with 51% and 5%.
- Then founder1 will have `tokenRecipient[0 - 50]` as his 51 vesting positions and founder2 will have `tokenRecipient[51;71;91;52;72]` as vesting positions.
- Then we minted 8 tokens through the action, which means that tokens[0-59] were minted and `founder1` got 51 token and `founder2` got 1 vesting token.
- Then dao decided to move to l2 and `reservedUntilTokenId` was set to 60 as such amount of tokens were minted already.
- Then on l2 during initialization vesting positions are recalculated using `reservedUntilTokenId`, so founder1 will have `tokenRecipient[0-10;60 - 99]` as his 51 vesting positions and founder2 will have `tokenRecipient[11;31;51;12;32]` as vesting positions.
- So additional 8 tokens were minted using auction, which means that tokens[60-119] were minted and `founder1` again got 51 token and `founder2` got 1 vesting token.
- As result we see that during that period founder1 got 102 vesting tokens, while founder2 got 2. And also we see that total minted amount is 120 and 104 of them is for founders, which is bigger than it should be.
## Impact
Incorrect vesting amount can occur after migration
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I believe that you don't need to use `reservedUntilTokenId` to calculate vesting positions. Just start with 0 and it will work in all cases. Using `reservedUntilTokenId` you are protected that those amount ids will not be reused anymore and that's enough.