Lively Cinnabar Sidewinder

medium

# Tokens from the token reserve can be assigned to founders

## Summary
Tokens intended to be reserved (e.g. for allowed minters) can be vested for founders when they are added.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `Token.sol`, the token ids up to (but not including) `reservedUntilTokenId` are intended to be reserved for addresses/purposes other than founder vesting. In `_addFounders`, founders are assigned tokens based on their `ownershipPct`. Tokens assigned should not be reserved tokens.

However, the calculation for the next token id when assigning tokens allows reserved tokens to be vested.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L158-L175
```solidity
                uint256 schedule = 100 / founderPct;

                // Used to store the base token id the founder will recieve
                uint256 baseTokenId = reservedUntilTokenId;

                // For each token to vest:
                for (uint256 j; j < founderPct; ++j) {
                    // Get the available token id
                    baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

                    // Store the founder as the recipient
                    tokenRecipient[baseTokenId] = newFounder;

                    emit MintScheduled(baseTokenId, founderId, newFounder);

                    // Update the base token id
                    baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
                }
```
For example, assume for the first founder being added `founderPct = 2`, and `reservedUntilTokenId = 50`.
- `baseTokenId = 50` since no tokens have been assigned yet.
- When updated, `baseTokenId = (50 + 50) % 100 = 0`, so the 2nd token id assigned is `0` (since it hasn't been assigned yet), but this is a reserved token id.

This could either reduce the number of reserved tokens mintable if the assigned reserved token is minted to the founder first (through `_mintWithVesting`) since `mintFromReserveTo` is restricted to token ids `< reservedUntilTokenId` 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L211-L213
```solidity
    function mintFromReserveTo(address recipient, uint256 tokenId) external nonReentrant onlyMinter {
        // Token must be reserved
        if (tokenId >= reservedUntilTokenId) revert TOKEN_NOT_RESERVED();
```
or reduce the number of tokens vested for a founder (below what was intended) if the  reserved token is minted directly first (through `mintFromReserveTo`, called from `MerkleReserveMinter`).

## Impact
Token reserve may become smaller than intended, or founders may be assigned less tokens than intended.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L158-L175

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It may be better to forgo reserving a specific set of consecutive token ids since any calculation that avoids assigning reserved tokens could result in unexpected vesting schedules. Instead, restrict total founder ownership percentage to `100 - no. reserved tokens` and restrict minting from reserve to unassigned token ids (ie. `tokenRecipient[id].address = address(0)`).