Real Hazelnut Tiger

high

# `updateFounders()` won't clear the `tokenRecipient` correctly

## Summary
The function `updateFounders()` is used for clearing the mapping `tokenRecipient`. For that, the function revers engineers the indices the founders have reserved tokens in:
```solidity
                // using the ownership percentage, get reserved token percentages
                uint256 schedule = 100 / cachedFounder.ownershipPct;


                // Used to reverse engineer the indices the founder has reserved tokens in.
                uint256 baseTokenId;


                for (uint256 j; j < cachedFounder.ownershipPct; ++j) {
                    // Get the next index that hasn't already been cleared
                    while (clearedTokenIds[baseTokenId] != false) {
                        baseTokenId = (++baseTokenId) % 100;
                    }


                    delete tokenRecipient[baseTokenId];
                    clearedTokenIds[baseTokenId] = true;


                    emit MintUnscheduled(baseTokenId, i, cachedFounder);


                    // Update the base token id
                    baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
                }
            }
```

The issue arises because the `baseTokenId == 0` in the first iteration, which makes `tokenRecipient[0]` to be cleared. This assumes that the index 0 is reserved for a founder, but this is not always the case. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The first time that founders are updated this issue won't arise because the first time founders are added `reservedUntilTokenId` is not yet assigned in the `initialize` before calling `_addFounders()` and we have variable shadowing. This means that the index 0 will be reserved always in the first call to `_addFounders()` when the contract is initialized. Nonetheless, after updating the founders once, the `_addFounders()` function will behave differentely.

### PoC to show when this problem will arise
1. We have a token where `reservedUntilTokenId == 10`.
2. Founders are updated. There will be two new founders, Alice and Bob, with `founderPct == 1` each. When adding them, as `baseTokenId ==  reservedUntilTokenId`, the first reserved index will be the `10`, which is for Alice. The next reserved index will be `11`, for Bob. This means that the `tokenRecipient[10] and tokenRecipient[11]` are reserved, while the rest are empty.
3. We need to update the founders again. We want to remove all founders and the new founder Charlie will have `founderPct == 1`. We call `updateFounders()` but the clearing process is not correct. We start clearing the `tokenRecipient` with `baseTokenId == 0`, so we only clear `tokenRecipient[0] and tokenRecipient[1]`, which weren't really assigned. Charlie will get assigned `tokenRecipient[12]`.
4. Everytime a minting happens, Alice and Bob may receive a NFT that there are not supposed to be receiving. Alice will receive each NFT where `tokenId % 100 == 10` and Bob where `tokenId % 100 == 11`.

## Impact
Previous founders reserved indices won't be correctly cleared after the first update of founders and so on. This will lead to NFTs being minted to previous founders who shouldn't be receiving NFTs anymore. This is completely wrong, but the impact will be bigger when the founders where removed for trust issues, accounts drained, etc.  

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L375-L437

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Don't assume that the first reserved index is the first one when clearing the previous founders information in `tokenRecipient`.