Bitter Crepe Rattlesnake

medium

# Auction parameters can still be changed during ongoing auction

## Summary
In the previous NounsBuilder contest, a medium severity [finding](https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-09-nouns-builder-findings/issues/450) showed that auction parameters can be changed at anytime, even during ongoing auctions, and take effect immediately. 

The NounsBuilder team has chosen to rectify this by adding a `whenPaused` modifier, however this does little to no effect to mitigate the original issue.
## Vulnerability Detail
There are five setter functions:
- `setDuration`
- `setReservePrice`
- `setTimeBuffer`
- `setMinimumBidIncrement`
- `setFounderReward`

Each of these can be changed by the owner when the contract is `paused`. 

However, `pause()` and `unpause()` are also called by the owner. So the addition of the `whenPaused` modifier to the five setter functions does little to mitigate the impact. 
## Impact
Consider a scenario where there is an ongoing auction, owner calls `pause()`, changes timeBuffer through `setTimeBuffer()` and then calls `unpause()`. Bidders who previously had expectations based on the previous `timeBuffer` may expect their bid to extend an auction when it does not (based on the new timeBuffer) and are therefore negatively affected. 

The other functions can similar introduce unexpected changes and behaviours.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L408](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L408)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As per previous recommendations, do not apply changes to ongoing auctions. Also, add a timelock for the changes. 
