Real Hazelnut Tiger

high

# Attacker can DoS the entire auction system

## Summary
This is a combination of 2 low/medium vulnerabilities which lead to a high one. 

If auctions have bids when the time remaining is less than the _settings.timeBuffer_ the auction is extended. Theoretically, a malicious user could keep bidding in the same auction forever and DoS the entire auction system, but this would have a really high cost for the attacker since each bid has to be at least 10% bigger than the previous one.
```solidity
        // Used to store whether to extend the auction
        bool extend;

        // Cannot underflow as `_auction.endTime` is ensured to be greater than the current time above
        unchecked {
            // Compute whether the time remaining is less than the buffer
            extend = (auction.endTime - block.timestamp) < settings.timeBuffer;

            // If the auction should be extended
            if (extend) {
                // Update the end time with the additional time buffer
                auction.endTime = uint40(block.timestamp + settings.timeBuffer);
            }
        }
```

In the other hand, auctions can have a bid of 0 ETH. This option is contemplated as we can see through the code, but users are not allowed to make consecutive 0 ETH bids in order to allow the DoS.
```solidity 
            // Used to store the minimum bid required
            uint256 minBid;

            // Cannot realistically overflow
            unchecked {
                // Compute the minimum bid
                minBid = lastHighestBid + ((lastHighestBid * settings.minBidIncrement) / 100);
            }

            // Ensure the incoming bid meets the minimum
            if (msgValue < minBid) {
                revert MINIMUM_BID_NOT_MET();
            }
            // Ensure that the second bid is not also zero
            if (minBid == 0 && msgValue == 0 && lastHighestBidder != address(0)) {
                revert MINIMUM_BID_NOT_MET();
            }
``` 

The problem is, that the calculation of _minBid_ won't work properly with really small amounts, allowing users to bid multiple times the same amount. This issue combined with the functionality of extending auctions will create a possible attack scenario for malicious users as I will explain below.

## Vulnerability Detail

Here I will explain how a malicious user could DoS the auction system combining both of the issues shown above:

1. There is an auction where no one bids for whatever reason.
2. Attacker waits until almost the end of the auction, and bids 9 wei. This will make the auction period to extend.
3. Attacker waits again until almost the new end of the auction, but bids 9 wei again. This shouldn't be possible, but here are the calculations.
3.1. 
```solidity
lastHighestBid = 9 wei
settings.minBidIncrement = INITIAL_MIN_BID_INCREMENT_PERCENT = 10
minBid = 9 + ((9 * 10) / 100) = 9 + 0 = 9
msgValue == minBid, so the transaction doesn't revert 
```
4. Taking advantage of this, the attacker can extend the auction end time as long as he wants, only needing to pay for gas fees + 9 wei.
5. The auction will never end, creating a complete DoS of the auction system.

Note that this attack would be expensive in Ethereum due to gas costs, but it is also going to be deployed in Optimism, Base and Zora where this attack is completely viable for a malicious user.
## Impact
Auctions never end due to a malicious user extending them indefinitely, making the Auction contract unusable, breaking the core functionality of the protocol which is to mint NFTs through this auctions.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L158-L231

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check always that _minBid > lastHighestBid_. Even with this check, attacker would be able to DoS the Auction system for some time, but in the end he would start needing to make big bids which would make it impossible to DoS the system for a long time. 

Also consider making the _minBid_ at least a X amount higher than _lastHighestBid_. For example, at least 0.00001 ETH higher, which would make the attack impossible.
