Teeny Vanilla Ant

medium

# Bidder can pass himself as referrer and gain back the amount of ETH he provided to outbid the highest bidder.

## Summary
Bidder can pass himself as referrer and gain back the amount of ETH he provided to outbid the highest bidder.

## Vulnerability Detail
The following line in `_createBid` calculates the minimum amount required to outbid the previous bidder:

```javascript
 minBid = lastHighestBid + ((lastHighestBid * settings.minBidIncrement) / 100);
```

So if the previous bidder's bid is 5 ETH then (5 ETH * 10) / 100 = 0.5 meaning that to become the new 'highestBidder' 5,5 ETH must be deposited. Note that this is calculated with `INITIAL_MIN_BID_INCREMENT_PERCENT`. Subsequently the `owner` or 'founder' of the 'auction' can change the 'minBidIncrement' when `auction` is paused. For this scenario I assume `minBidIncrement` is 0.5 ETH.

It is possible for a bidder to `createBidWithReferral` and pass his own address as the `_referral`. Now 'referralRewardsBPS' is initially set in the 'constructor'. In the event where 'referralRewardsBPS' can calculate a reward which is >= `minBidIncrement`, a bidder can basically outbid the previous `highestBidder` without bidding more than him because the additional ETH required to outbid will be refunded to him via `_settleAuction` if he is both the bidder and referrer. Important note here is that 'totalRewards' can be 100% of the highest bid.

Let's take a look at the following scenario:
1. An auction has been started. 'minBidIncrement` is 10%.
2. Alice is the first bidder and she bids 5 ETH for 'tokenId'.
3. Bob is the second bidder. In order to outbid Alice he has to bid 10% more so 5,5 ETH. He bids 5,5 ETH with `createBidWithRefferal` and passes himself as the referrer.
4.Suppose there are only 2 bidders and this auction gets settled. The array size of `RewardSplits.recipients` is 3. The referral's reward is sent when the auction gets settled via `depositBatch`
5. In the event `referralRewardsBPS` >= `minBidIncrement` Bob will get back the amount he used to outbid Alice. So Bob bid 5 ETH (after he gets back referrer fee) exactly like Alice but managed to outbid her.

This scenario is also possible with more that 2 bidders because `totalRewards` can be up to 100% of the highest bid.

## Impact
This makes it possible to bypass the rule that you must bid more than the previous highest bidder in order to win the auction which is the essence of auctions. One of the main invariants of the protocol is violated. Although the outbid users get their funds back, this should not be possible.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L144;
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L500-L501;
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L266-L273;

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In `createBidWithReferral` verify that `_referral != msg.sender`. However this does not prevent bidder from setting another EOA as referrer and still regaining the delta between his bid and previous highest bid. A better approach would be to ensure that referral reward should be less than the `minBidIncrement`.
