Beautiful Lace Pike

medium

# Exploitation of Legitimate Referral System in Auction.sol

## Summary
This report identifies a potential vulnerability in the `Auction.createBidWithReferral` function, which could lead to the exploitation of the referral system. Users could manipulate the system to receive referral bonuses for their own bids, effectively converting it into a rebate system. 

Note: Assigning own self to `currentBidReferral` should only be allowed if the bidder has not been legitimately referred by someone else.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability stems from the lack of restrictions in the `createBidWithReferral` function, allowing bidders to set themselves as their own referrer in subsequent bids. This design flaw could enable users to exploit the referral reward mechanism for personal gain, rather than its intended purpose of incentivizing new user acquisition.

Here's an analysis of the potential issue:

1. **Initial Referral Use**: Initially, users might click on a referral link, which pre-fills the `_tokenId` and `_referral` arguments in the `createBidWithReferral` function. This is the standard operation of the referral system, where the referrer gets rewarded for bringing in a new bidder.
2. **Subsequent Bids and Exploitation**: In subsequent rounds of bidding, the same user, now aware of how the referral system works, could potentially manipulate the system by setting `currentBidReferral` to their own address. This would effectively turn the referral bonus into a rebate for themselves, considering the system rewards the referrer with a portion of the bid:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L267-L273

```solidity
                // Calculate rewards
                RewardSplits memory split = _computeTotalRewards(currentBidReferral, highestBid, founderReward.percentBps);

                if (split.totalRewards != 0) {
                    // Deposit rewards
                    rewardsManager.depositBatch{ value: split.totalRewards }(split.recipients, split.amounts, split.reasons, "");
                }
```
## Impact
The exploitation of this vulnerability could lead to:

1. **Reduced Effectiveness of Marketing Strategy**: The referral system's primary objective to attract new users gets undermined.
2. **Loss of Trust**: Users (referrers) might lose trust in the platform’s fairness and integrity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L144-L147

```solidity
    function createBidWithReferral(uint256 _tokenId, address _referral) external payable nonReentrant {
        currentBidReferral = _referral;
        _createBid(_tokenId);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement the "One-time Referral Reward" suggestion, where the referral reward is limited to once per new user rather than per bid by tracking whether a user has already been referred. In the following code refactoring, if it's the first time this bidder is bidding on this token with a referral, the referral is recorded. Otherwise, it ensures the same referral is used.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L144-L154

```diff
+    mapping(uint256 => mapping(address => address)) private bidReferrals;

    function createBidWithReferral(uint256 _tokenId, address _referral) external payable nonReentrant {
+        address existingReferral = bidReferrals[_tokenId][msg.sender];
+        require(existingReferral == address(0) || existingReferral == _referral, "Referral cannot be changed");

+        if (existingReferral == address(0)) {
+            bidReferrals[_tokenId][msg.sender] = _referral;
+        }

-        currentBidReferral = _referral;
+        currentBidReferral = bidReferrals[_tokenId][msg.sender];
        _createBid(_tokenId);
    }
```
Note: `currentBidReferral` is updated based on the referral information specific to the bidder and token combination. The user may be self-referenced in the future with different `_tokenId`, but at least the referrer would be entitled a payout for the first reference if the bidder successfully won the auction. 