Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# In MerkleReserveMinter, it's possible to proof one leaf multiple times

## Summary
Contract MerkleReserveMinter is a mint strategy that mints reserved tokens based on a merkle tree. users send proof for their tokenId and contract mint tokenId for them by calling Token contract. the issue is that contract doesn't mark the already proved leafs or tokenIds. this would be problematic if tokens had burn functionality and one user can mint that tokenID for themself multiple times.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `mintFromReserve()` code:
```javascript
        // Mint tokens
        unchecked {
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < claimCount; ++i) {
                // Load claim in memory
                MerkleClaim memory claim = claims[i];

                // Requires one proof per tokenId to handle cases where users want to partially claim
                if (!MerkleProof.verify(claim.merkleProof, settings.merkleRoot, keccak256(abi.encode(claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId)))) {
                    revert INVALID_MERKLE_PROOF(claim.mintTo, claim.merkleProof, settings.merkleRoot);
                }

                // Only allowing reserved tokens to be minted for this strategy
                IToken(tokenContract).mintFromReserveTo(claim.mintTo, claim.tokenId);
            }
        }
```
as you can see code doesn't mark and check that `leaf hash` or `tokenID` proof doesn't used before and it would be possible to use the same proof and leaf multiple times and code would allow it. an attacker can mint the same token for themself as many time he wants. of course the Token contract won't allow using the same tokenID multiple times but because there is burn functionality in the Token contract and there may be other burn features for NFT token, so attacker can mint the same token multiple times after burning it.
it's the basic security measurement that minter contract itself should prevent replaying the same leaf and proof multiple times and doesn't rely on Token contract to revert on similar tokenIds as Token contract may have burn functionality. (right now the burn functionality is for Auction tokens, but this can change in future. also token maybe upgraded to ERC1155 which supports multiple items for one tokenID).

## Impact
users can prove same leaf multiple times and they have ability to mint the same tokenId multiple times.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L156-L165

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
mark the leaf hashes for the DAO whenever some one proves it and doesn't allow multiple time prov usage.