Real Hazelnut Tiger

high

# Minted tokens through the merkle proofs functionality can be minted again after being burnt

## Summary
Selected users can mint tokens through the `MerkleReserveMinter.sol` by using `mintFromReserve()`. The tokens to be minted through this functionality are reserved in the `Token.sol` contract. The flow would be as follows:
1. Users call `MerkleReserveMinter.sol` call `mintFromReserve()`.
2. In `Token.sol` `mintFromReserveTo()` function will be called.
3. `_mint()` function is called in `ERC721.sol`

The problem arises because there is no check if this merkle proof has been already used before. This leads to the problem I explained below.

## Vulnerability Detail
A user can mint a token as explained above. After that, this token can be traded or whatever. If the tokens ir burnt for whatever reason (mintpass for example), the user could call the `mintFromReserve()` function again and mint the token again. When burning the token the `owners` mapping is cleared: 
```solidity 
delete owners[_tokenId];
```
When minting again, this check won't realise the token was in fact already minted: 
```solidity 
if (owners[_tokenId] != address(0)) revert ALREADY_MINTED();
``` 

This shows how a user can mint again a token with the same merkle proof after it has been burnt. 
## Impact
Minted tokens through the merkle proofs functionality can be minted again after being burnt. This will allow users to get their tokens back after being burnt for whatever reason. This will have a really high impact in protocols that use the burn functionality for features such as mintpasses, trades, etc. This breaks the whole intention of the burn functionality of the token, since all the burnt tokens that were minted with the merkle proofs can be minted again.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L129-L173

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a mapping in the `mintFromReserve()` function to store which `MerkleClaim`s were already used for minting tokens. 