Dandy Burlap Cottonmouth

medium

# Min_bid_increment can be bypassed using referral Reward

## Summary
User can put his own address as the currentBidReferral. This way, if the referral reward > min_bid_increment, then the last bidder can get a part of his bid value back and thus the tokenID will be sold for less than the previous bid. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Users are allowed to put their own address as the currentBidReferral. This address later receives the referralReward via rewardsManager contract. So, he can get a part of his bid back, and even bypass the min_bid_increment if it is < referral reward %.

For example, assume current highestBid is 100 eth in a running auction. Assume the DAO has set min_bid_increment as 5 % and referral reward is 10 %. Now when the auction is about to end, a new user comes by and bids  for 105 eth and passes minimum bid check and puts his own address as referral reward receiver. Thus he will get the token for 94.5 eth which is effectively a lower price than the previous highestBid of 100 eth. 

This is possible when the timeBuffer is low (even 0 second is possible) and assume this bid is done as the last txn of a block and the auction is settled as the first txn of next block. In the given example, the guarantee of an ever increasing auction (via min bid increments) has been broken.

## Impact
This is like cheating the auction winner while getting the token for a lower amount ( if the last bidder might not know about this referral address quirk). The more the difference between referral reward and min_bid_increment, the lower the effective buying price would be, without the knowledge of other bidders.

Medium severity because the referral reward will be decided by builders dao but min_bid_increment can be changed by every deployed DAO for themselves. So it can have a range of values.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L145

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Allow the deployed DAOs to choose their own referralRewardBPS value when initializing and add a check that min_bid_increment has to be always greater than the referralRewardBPS. or completely do away with the referral rewards. 
