Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# DAO funders can bypass paying Nounce builder fees in MerkleReserveMinter

## Summary
function `mintFromReserve()` in contract MerkleReserveMinter mints tokens from reserve using a merkle proof and users need to pay `pricePerToken` for each NFT token. if `pricePerToken > 0` then contract takes `BUILDER_DAO_FEE` for each NFT token. a malicious DAO funder can bypass paying `BUILDER_DAO_FEE` for each token by setting the `pricePerToken` as zero and use intermediate NFT distributor contracts that mints tokens in MerkleReserveMinter and then transfers them to users.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `mintFromReserve()` code:
```javascript

        // Distribute fees if minting fees for this collection are set (Builder DAO fee does not apply to free mints)
        if (settings.pricePerToken > 0) {
            _distributeFees(tokenContract, claimCount);
        }
```
as you can see it only calls `_distributeFees` when price is higher than 0. This is `_getTotalFeesForMint()` which calculates fee for tokens:
```javascript
    function _getTotalFeesForMint(uint256 pricePerToken, uint256 quantity) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        // If pricePerToken is 0 the mint has no Builder DAO fee
        return pricePerToken > 0 ? quantity * (pricePerToken + BUILDER_DAO_FEE) : 0;
    }
```
as you can see when `pricePerToken` is zero then the price of the token is zero and code doesn't charge `BUILDER_DAO_FEE`. so by setting price to zero users doesn't need to pay `BUILDER_DAO_FEE` to Nounce DAO builder. a malicious DAO funder can use this and while getting payment from users make users to bypass Nounce fee. the POC for the issue is this:
1. DAO funders would create a distributing NFT (named MD) contract like MerkleReserveMinter contract that mints NFT by MerkleReserveMinter and transfer NFTs based on its merkle tree.
2. DAO funder would set merkle tree root for reserve NFT tokens in MD and create a merkle tree that all the valid ids are mintable for MD and set root of that merkle tree in MerkleReserveMinter.
3. DAO funder set `pricePerToken` as zero in MerkleReserveMinter.
4. any user that wants to mint his reserve tokens, would call MD and pay ETH as the real price, the the MD contract would verify user merkle proof and would call `MerkleReserveMinter.mintFromReserve()` and mint the tokenID for itself and then transfer it to user.
5. in the end users paid MD the ETH and MD didn't have to pay Nounce fee to MerkleReserveMinter. (call flow: `user -> MD -> MerkleReserveMinter`)



## Impact
DAO funders can bypass paying `BUILDER_DAO_FEE`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L179-L187

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
either get Builder fee for every price or make sure NFT is not minted for contracts and only for EOAs.