Precise Ginger Meerkat

medium

# reserved Token minters can be prevented from Minting all their tokens

## Summary

When a DAO is migrated to L2, the former holders can be allowed to mint their tokens from a specified reserve during an initial mint period. However,  a malicious user or attacker can prevent them from doing so, in time.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a DAO is migrated to L2, there is a reserve and the MerkleMinterconfigured, to enable former token holders to mint new Tokens from the reserve in a given period of time, using a MerkleProof.

The intended way for them to do this is to call `mintFromReserve(address tokenContract, MerkleClaim[] calldata claims)` on the `MerkleReserveMinter` contract. Here they have to pass, the corresponding tokenContract, and an array of `MerkleClaims`, which consists of:

-  an address to mint to
- the tokenId to mint
- The Merkle proof

A user that has many tokens to mint, probably wants to mint them all in one call. However, an malicious user or attacker, can wait for the transaction to be in the mempool, see the actual merkleProofs, and then frontrun it with a transaction minting only 1 of the tokens. This would result in the initially created transaction to mint all the tokens, to be reverted, as one of the tokens could not be minted.

Example:
Alice is able to claim a total of 50 tokens (id:0-49) and has the proves for them. 
Bob only has fewer tokens, and wants Alice to receive less tokens on the new DAO. Therefore he monitors the mempool.
1. Alice creates a transaction to claim all 50 tokens.
2. Bob sees this, and Frontruns here with a transaction to claim only the token with  `ID=49` 
--> This will result in Alice´s transaction to be reverted in the last iteration. Therefore Alice already spent a great amount of gas and has only minted 1 Token so far.

Because there is a limited Minting period. Bob is repeating this process every time, Alice creates a new transaction for the rest of her tokens. 
This might result in Alice not being able to claim all her Tokens until the end of the Mint period.

## Impact

- Users might not be able to claim all their reserveTokens in time.
- Users have to spend more Gas

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L129-L173

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L165

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do not revert the whole transaction in case a single mint in the loop fails.
