Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# malicious funder can bypass Manager contract and change metadataRenderer implementation directly

## Summary
function `setMetadataRenderer()` in Manager contract is supposed to be used to change token's metaData renderer but malicious Funder can change metaData directly by changing the implementation contract address in proxy contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
in function deploy(), contract allows funder to specify the metaData contract address, and code creates a proxy that points to the defined address.
whenever funder or owner of the DAO wants to change metaData renderer of the DAO NFT token, they need to call `setMetadataRenderer()` function in Manager contract, but it's possible for funder to bypass this function and change metaData renderer contract of his DAO.
This is POC:
1. Funder1 creates a MetaDataRederer1 contract which has functionality to change the implementation contract address (modify that specific storage slot that specified implementation in proxy by funder provided address).
2. Funder1 would create a DAO and set MetaDataRenderer1 as DAO token metadata renderer.
3. code would create proxy that points to MetaDataRenderer1 and set it as DAO's metadata contract.
4. now Funder1 can call metadata proxy and set new implementation for the proxy and practically change the metadata of the DAO without using the `setMetadataRenderer()` function.

## Impact
Funder or owner of the DAO can bypass the NounsBudiler functionality and logics in `setMetadataRenderer()`  and change metadata of their DAO. for example metadata would change without a event emitting about it.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/manager/Manager.sol#L132-L142
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/manager/Manager.sol#L171-L191

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
have a whitelist of metaData contracts  implementations, to make sure implementation contract address doesn't change in the metaDataRenderer proxy.