Restless Sage Ant

high

# Potential Reentrancy Attack in the `_handleOutgoingTransfer` function

## Summary
A potential reentrancy attack security vulnerability exists in the `_handleOutgoingTransfer` function. This can allow an attacker to trigger a loop and potentially drain funds from the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_handleOutgoingTransfer` function sends ETH to other addresses without the use of a reentrancy guard. This could potentially allow for a recursive call to be made to the contract before the original function has finished executing, leading to a reentrancy attack. An attacker could create a contract which when receiving funds, calls back into the vulnerable contract leading to malbehavior.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is high, as it could potentially lead to significant loss of funds in the contract by creating a loop of withdrawal calls.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L517

```solidity
function _handleOutgoingTransfer(address _to, uint256 _amount) private {
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this vulnerability, a `nonReentrant` modifier should be added to the `_handleOutgoingTransfer` function as follows:

```solidity
function _handleOutgoingTransfer(address _to, uint256 _amount) private nonReentrant {
    if (address(this).balance < _amount) revert INSOLVENT();

  .....
```
Where nonReentrant is a modifier provided by OpenZeppelin's ReentrancyGuard contract. Please note that while this function can add a level of security it does increase gas costs and in rare circumstances may not offer protection.
