Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# inconsistency between _addFounders() and _isForFounder() for handling 0x0 address for funders

## Summary
function `_addFounders()` is called upon initialization to add founders and compute their vesting allocations. function `_isForFounder()` checks if a given token is for a founder and mints accordingly. the issue is that this two function handles 0x0 address differently. in function `_addFounders()`, the code treat 0x0 address normally like any other address and increase the `totalOwnership` for 0x0 addresses but in `_isForFounder()` just ignore the 0x0 addresses and assumes those spots doesn't have any funder with higher pct in it. This will be inconvenient for DAO funders as there would be two issues:
1. funders may use 0x0 address in funder list as a way to burn some percentage of the NFTs but the issue would result that those NFTs will be mint by auction.
2. funders may have put 0x0 address by mistake and this would make that funder can't fully set 99% percentage for other funders and those percentage would be mint by auction.

code should revert in `_addFounders()` if there is 0x0 addresses in funder array(or should ignore the 0x0 addresses and doesn't increase the `totalOwnership`) or code should treat 0x0 address as a burning mechanism in `_isForFunders()`

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `_addFunders()` code:
```javascript
Founder storage newFounder = founder[founderId];

                // Store the founder's vesting details
                newFounder.wallet = _founders[i].wallet;
                newFounder.vestExpiry = uint32(_founders[i].vestExpiry);
                // Total ownership cannot be above 100 so this fits safely in uint8
                newFounder.ownershipPct = uint8(founderPct);

                // Compute the vesting schedule
                uint256 schedule = 100 / founderPct;
```
as you can see there is no check that `wallet` address of the funder is not 0x0 and code increase the value of the `totalOwnership` in any situation.
This is part of `_isForFunder()` code:
```javascript
    function _isForFounder(uint256 _tokenId) private returns (bool) {
        // Get the base token id
        uint256 baseTokenId = _tokenId % 100;

        // If there is no scheduled recipient:
        if (tokenRecipient[baseTokenId].wallet == address(0)) {
            return false;
```
as you can see code would return false for those token ids and belong to wallet 0x0 and practically funders with wallet address 0x0 are ignored and those tokens would be mint by auctions.
this is the POC:
1. DAO creators would create a new DAO and they wants to burn 10% of NFT tokens so they will set address 0x0 with 10% in funder list. because code add those percentage to `totalOwnership` they would assume minting for 0x0 addresses is valid.
2. code would create the DAO and function `_isForFounders()` would ignore those 0x0 address percentages.


## Impact
This create 4 issues:
1. the `totalOwnership` calculation would be wrong because no NFT would be minted for 0x0 addresses but code assume they will be.
3. percentage of tokens that should be minted for 0x0 addreses (burned) are going to be minted for users.
4. some funder may lose tokens if their address set to 0x0 by mistake and code won't revert.
5. code is inconsistent in handling 0x0 values in funder list which will be inconvenient for DAO creators.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L263-L272
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L148-L161

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
either revert in `_addFunders()` when there is 0x0 address for founder wallet, or burn those tokens for 0x0 addresses(don't mint them and go through those ids) in `_isForFounder()`.
