Bald Carob Swallow

medium

# Auction.sol#createBid: Tokens may be sold a little cheaper by front-run attack.

## Summary
When an attacker who is monitoring mempool detects the call to `Auction.sol#createBid` function, he will front-run it with a little lower price than the proposed price of the original bid.
So the attacker's bid will be accepted and the original one reverted.
The original bidder has to bid again at a price `minBidIncrement` percent higher than the attacker's price, and he considers that this price is not reasonable and exits the auction.
Thus, the token is auctioned slightly less than the price available.


## Vulnerability Detail
Example:
1. Suppose that only `bidder1` and `bidder2` pariticipate in the auction and `minBidIncrement = 10`.
2. `bidder2` first monitors mempool without bidding and when the calling `createBid` of `bidder1` is detected, he performs front-run attack at the cost of `msg.value = bidder1.msg.value * 0.95` . 
3. For instance, when `bidder1` calls `createBid` function with `msg.value == 1000`, `bidder2` calls `createBid` function before than `bidder1` with `msg.value == 950` and raised gas price.
4. So the `bidder2`'s bid is accepted and the original one of `bidder1` reverted.
5. `bidder1` considers that it is impractical to offer at a price `950 * 1.1 == 1045` and exits the auction.
5. After all, the token that could be sold at `1000` is sold at a price of `950`.


## Impact
Tokens may be sold a little cheaper by front-run attack.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L214

## Tool used
Manual Review


## Recommendation
The purpose of using `minBidIncrement` is to prevent the auction deadline from extending by raising the offer value very small (e.g. 1) than the `lastHighstBid`.
In the case of `msg.timestamp == lastBidTime`, we do not need to apply `minBidIncrement`, since the auction deadline does not extend.
So insert the `lastBidTime` field to `Auction` struct and set `minBid = lastHighstBid + 1` in `_createBid` function when `msg.timestamp == lastBidTime`. 
