Precise Ginger Meerkat

medium

# Nouns DAO governance is not compatible with pre mint

## Summary

The nouns DAO governance has a quorum and proposal threshold which are calculated based on total supply of tokens.

If a DAO has an preMint to issue tokens and the first token holders are inactive, user who participate in the auction would have to buy larger amount of tokens / wait longer till they can effectively participate in governance. 
This lead to unfair distribution of voting power.

## Vulnerability Detail

The governance of NounsDAO requires a certain amount of voting power to create proposals. Also it requires a certain amount of votes to be casted on a proposal to make it pass. 
This feature is important to "force" participation in the DAO over a longer period of time, and to avoid spam as the token amount increases.

```solidity
function proposalThreshold() public view returns (uint256) {
        unchecked {
            return (settings.token.totalSupply() * settings.proposalThresholdBps) / BPS_PER_100_PERCENT;
        }
    }

    /// @notice The current number of votes required to be in favor of a proposal in order to reach quorum
    function quorum() public view returns (uint256) {
        unchecked {
            return (settings.token.totalSupply() * settings.quorumThresholdBps) / BPS_PER_100_PERCENT;
        }
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/governance/governor/Governor.sol#L488-L499

A pre mint function now changes the total supply, excluding all users from creating proposals who only participate in the auction.

Example:

A DAO decided to do a private investment round and creates a free pre mint for people who participated in this.
The premint is for 1000 Tokens which will be distributed to Investors. 
The proposal  is set to 2%.

Now any user participating in the auction would need to buy 20 tokens to have the possibility to submit proposals. 
For the proposal to pass it needs to fill the quorum, which now is much higher.
When the early investors are inactive, the DAO will need a long time to become operational. 

Important to note here is that when creating a premint after migration this is totally intended functionality.
This issue only arises when creating a new DAO with premint.

## Impact

Fundamental incompatibility of nouns DAO with preMint function breaks proposal logic when creating a new DAO without migration. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Exclude preMint tokens from threat hold and quorum calculation when DAO is not migrated.