Gigantic Indigo Cottonmouth

medium

# MerkleReserveMinter claimer tokens might be already minted to someone else

## Summary

The current architechture of MerkleReserveMinter allows for a situation where claimable tokens are minted to someone other than the claimer to whom they were guaranteed before the MerkleReserveMinter period has ended.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are two situations where MerkleReserveMinter can be used with a token but the claimable tokens will be minted to someone other than the claimer (before the sale end).  
1. The reservedUntilTokenId is set to lower than the highest claimable token when the MerkleReserveMinter is enabled - this means any auctions that occur during the sale may mint claimable tokens to auction bidders.
2. Other minters are allowed on the token - Other minters who may not be aware of which tokens are reserved by the MerkleReserveMinter, might mint claimable tokens to someone else.  

If any of these conditions is true before setting the MerkleReserveMinter or during the sale, token claims for already-owned tokens will fail.

## Impact
The situation detailed above can create financial loss for the DAO incurred by the need to compensate any claimers who were unable to claim their tokens.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L465

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L216

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/minters/MerkleReserveMinter.sol#L129

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A simple (if not robust) way to remedy this would be to include checks before enabling setting the MerkleReserveMinter to work with a token (i.e. checking that reservedUntilTokenId is larger than the highest claimable tokens or disabling other minters while a MerkleReserveMinter sales is active on the token).  

A more robust solution will ensure the MerkleReserveMinter can not be set to a token if any claimable token is allready owned, and prevent minting of the specific claimable tokens to anyone other than the claimer during the sale. However such a solution is more complex as it might require a rethink of the entire token allocation mechanism (including founder percent allocations etc.) 
