Plain Chambray Wasp

high

# Blocking of first auction if N-th reserved token is minted

## Summary
Blocking of first auction if N-th reserved token is minted.

## Vulnerability Detail
If the founder mints the N-th reserved token, it will not be possible to start the first auction. The first auction starts when the `Auction.sol` contract is unpaused by the owner. For the start of every auction, a new `tokenId` is calculated and minted.

```solidity
 try token.mint() returns (uint256 tokenId) {
            // Store the token id
            auction.tokenId = tokenId;
```

The next `tokenId` is equal to `reservedUntilTokenId + settings.mintCount++`. In this calculation, `settings.mintCount++` will return `0` because it is got the default value of the storage variable and then is incremented by 1. Therefore, `tokenId` will be equal to `reservedUntilTokenId`.


```solidity
tokenId = reservedUntilTokenId + settings.mintCount++;
```

After that, when the `super._mint()` function is called, it will revert the whole transaction with an `ALREADY_MINTED` error because this `tokenId` has already been minted by the founder before starting of first auction. For this problem does not matter if the vesting period of founder is expired or if the other reserved tokens are not minted yet. This issue will occur only when the N-th token of the reserved tokens is minted.

## Impact
Starting of initial auction it will be impossible. Blocking of core functionality of the DAO

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L351C19-L351C34

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L235

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L250
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make the following changes:
```diff
-tokenId = reservedUntilTokenId + settings.mintCount++;
+tokenId = reservedUntilTokenId + ++settings.mintCount;
```