Rapid Watermelon Cougar

medium

# [M-01] Bidders can lose funds in case of WETH depeg

## Summary

A bidder must send ETH when they want to bid for the current token in an auction. However, if he is outbid, he can receive WETH instead of ETH if the `call` to send ETH fails. In the case of WETH depeg from ETH price, the bidder will receive fewer funds than he sent initially.

## Vulnerability Detail

A user can bid for a token by calling `_createBid` function with an amount of ETH which is more than the previous bidder. Then he will be stored as the `auction.highestBidder` and his bid will be stored in `auction.highestBid`:

```solidity
    function _createBid(uint256 _tokenId) private {
         ...
        // Store the new highest bid
        auction.highestBid = msgValue; 

        // Store the new highest bidder
        auction.highestbidder = msg.sender;
        ....
}
```

Then the funds of the previous highest bidder will be returned to him at the end of the same function by calling `_handleOutgoingTransfer`:

```solidity
            // Refund the previous bidder
            _handleOutgoingTransfer(lastHighestBidder, lastHighestBid);
        }
```

However, the `_handleOutgoingTransfer` has an alternative to send WETH to the previous bidder instead of ETH if the ETH refund call fails which can happen for different reasons (out-of-gas error, if the receiver is a contract without a payable `receive()` or `fallback()`, etc.):

```solidity
    function _handleOutgoingTransfer(address _to, uint256 _amount) private { 
          ...
        assembly {
            // Transfer ETH to the recipient
            // Limit the call to 50,000 gas
            success := call(50000, _to, _amount, 0, 0, 0, 0)
        }

        // If the transfer failed:
        if (!success) {
            // Wrap as WETH
            IWETH(WETH).deposit{ value: _amount }(); //@audit - in case of depeg it will be a problem

            // Transfer WETH instead
            bool wethSuccess = IWETH(WETH).transfer(_to, _amount);
          ...
    }
```

Thus, the user will receive the same amount but in WETH which is an ERC20 token pegged to the ETH price. However, the assumption that the price will be exactly the same can lead to the old bidder receiving less funds. As we have seen in the past, depeg events occurred leading to chaotic actions from the holders which made it even worse. Examples of such cases are the [wBTC depeg](https://coingape.com/wrapped-bitcoin-wbtc-depeg-linked-to-alameda-research-fud-or-truth/) and the [USDC depeg](https://decrypt.co/123211/usdc-stablecoin-depegs-90-cents-circle-exposure-silicon-valley-bank).

As we haven't yet seen WETH depegging from the ETH price, crypto is still extremely uncertain and volatile in terms of prices, and will be much better to be protected during such a disaster instead of hoping that it will never happen.

Furthermore, as users have put ETH in the project they will expect to receive the same currency and might not want to receive WETH as they will have to pay gas fees to unwrap it if they what they originally deposited.

## Impact

Outbid users can lose funds in case they receive a refund in WETH.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L517-L543

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider using only one currency either WETH or ETH to avoid discrepancies in the prices and relying on assumptions.
