Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# metaData can be stolen because of Inconsistancy between deploy() and setMetadataRenderer() for handling metadataRenderer initalization

## Summary
In Contract Manager, the DAO's funder can provide custom metaData contract address and Manager contract would create a proxy based on that address and initialize it. the issue is that function `deploy()` always calls the initializations function but function `setMetadataRenderer()` only calls the initialization function when `data > 0`. This would create a bug for any 3rd party who use Nounce builder as if the initialize function doesn't required any input, then it won't be called in `setMetadataRenderer()` and the metadata would be uninitialized and attackers can take control of it. 

## Vulnerability Detail
This is `setMetadataRenderer()` code:
```javascript
     function setMetadataRenderer(
        address _token,
        address _newRendererImpl,
        bytes memory _setupRenderer
    ) external returns (address metadata) {
        if (msg.sender != IOwnable(_token).owner()) {
            revert ONLY_TOKEN_OWNER();
        }

        metadata = address(new ERC1967Proxy(_newRendererImpl, ""));
        daoAddressesByToken[_token].metadata = metadata;

        if (_setupRenderer.length > 0) {
            IBaseMetadata(metadata).initialize(_setupRenderer, _token);
        }

        IToken(_token).setMetadataRenderer(IBaseMetadata(metadata));

        emit MetadataRendererUpdated({ sender: msg.sender, renderer: metadata });
    }
```
As you can see it only calls the initialize function when `data.length > 0`. this would create an issue of the initialize function of the custom metadata contract doesn't require any data and Manager won't initialize it and attacker can initialize it and stole it.
This is POC for the issue:
1. DAO1 wants to update their metadata renderer contract and they create MDR1 contract with initialize function that set owner and initializes the contract.
2. they would call `setMetadataRenderer()` to change their DAO metadata contract.
3. because data length is zero, the Manager contract won't call `initialize()` for the new proxy contract and the proxy would be in uninitialized state.
4. attacker would call initialize  function of the new metadata renderer proxy contract and take control of it and harm the DAO.

## Impact
metadata contract would stay uninitialized and either DAO would be broken or attacker can take control of metadata contract of the DAO and harm the DAO.
also the behavior of `deploy()`  and `setMetadataRenderer()` is inconsistent.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/manager/Manager.sol#L183-L186

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
always call the initialize function like the deploy() function code.