Restless Sage Ant

high

# No Bid Value Check in Auction Function

## Summary
This report points out a missing bid value check in an auction function, which allows users who bid lower than the highest bid to become the highest bidder.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `_createBid` function, there isn't a condition to check if the attached ETH (msg.value) is higher than the current highest bid before updating the highest bid and the highest bidder. This means even if a user places a bid lower than the current highest bid, they could become the highest bidder without actually surpassing the current highest bid.

## Impact
This vulnerability allows a user to become the highest bidder without actually offering the highest bid. This could lead to an unfair auction, boundaries violation and adverse economic consequences for both the auctioneer and other bidders.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L158-L231

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Below is the snippet of the recommended fix. An additional check should be included in the code to confirm if the attached ETH (msg.value) is higher than the current highest bid.

```solidity
function _createBid(uint256 _tokenId) private {
    if (msg.value <= auction.highestBid) {
        revert BID_NOT_HIGHER_THAN_CURRENT_HIGHEST();
    }
    auction.highestBid = msg.value;
    auction.highestBidder = msg.sender;
    ...
}
```

By adding this check, we can ensure that only bids that surpass the current highest bid will be valid. This upholds the integrity of the auction and guarantees a fair bidding process.