Precise Ginger Meerkat

high

# A migrated DAO without Veto can be instantly drained

## Summary

When a DAO migrates from layer1 to layer2 a premint for old token holders can be set, and the treasury is transferred to new DAO.

This now allows anyone who is eligible to mint tokens, to frontrun any other mint, and afterwards create a proposal to drain funds.
The governance only allows tokens that have been minted before the proposal was created to participate in voting, which in this case is only the user.

If this DAO does not have a vetoer (which is intended by OG Nouns) there is no way to prevent the governance attack.

## Vulnerability Detail

If a DAO is migrated from layer1 to layer2, it will first deploy a new DAO on L2, then define any amount of premint (in most cases old token owners) and then transfer the treasury to the new DAO.

The governance of nouns calculates the proposal Quorum (max amount of votes needed to execute) based on the total supply on proposal creation.

```solidity
proposal.quorumVotes = SafeCast.toUint32(quorum());
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/governance/governor/Governor.sol#L185-L190

Furthermore the governance only considers tokens already minted at the time of proposal creation to be eligible for vote.

```solidity
weight = getVotes(_voter, proposal.timeCreated);
```

Now anyone who can mint tokens from the Merkelminter, can right after the merkeltree is set mint tokens and create a proposal to drain the DAO. 

He will fill quorum and can cast all his votes as "yes", passing the proposal. 

If the DAO has no veto right, which is not unlikely because its only an option and the original nouns considers removing the veto at some point, there will be no way to stop the proposal. 

This issue is introduced by the overall changes on minting logic and the feature of migrating a DAO.

## Impact

Drain DAO after migration if there is no Veto set.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/governance/governor/Governor.sol#L185-L190

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do not allow to create proposals while the premint has not ended.