Skinny Frost Puppy

high

# silent overflow in _createAuction() allows attacker(malicious founder) to force burn auction tokens and mint a lot of tokens for founders if auction duration was high

## Summary
function `_createAuction()` in Auction contract creates an auction for the next token and the end time of the auction is set to `block.timestamp + duration` which is based on `duration` that founders set for the Auction. funders allowed to set values that fit into `uint40`. the issue is that auction end time calculation is done inside the `unchecked` and then the result is down casted to the `uint40` so it can silently overflow. if founders set a very large value for duration, for example `uint40.max` then the end time would set to `block.timestamp-1` and auction would be finished before even started. attacker can use this and call `_createAuction()` multiple times and cause Auction contract to burn auction tokens and mint tokens for founders from vesting allocation. 

I believe this has High severity because founders with vesting allocation have incentive to perform the attack, they can mint unlimited tokens for themself in one short time and sell them in the market and perform rug pull. 

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `_createAuction()` code that calculates the end time, as you can see `endTime` calculation is done inside the `unchecked` and then `endTime` is down casted to `uint40`. and if `duration` was higher than `uint40.max - block.timestamp` then `endTime` will be lower than `block.timestamp` and auction would be in finished state right from auction creation.
```javascript
            // Cache the current timestamp
            uint256 startTime = block.timestamp;

            // Used to store the auction end time
            uint256 endTime;

            // Cannot realistically overflow
            unchecked {
                // Compute the auction end time
                endTime = startTime + settings.duration;
            }

            // Store the auction start and end time
            auction.startTime = uint40(startTime);
            auction.endTime = uint40(endTime);
```

This is the `setDuration()` function which founders can used to set auction durations, as you can see founders allowed to set duration as high as `uint40.max`.
```javascript
    function setDuration(uint256 _duration) external onlyOwner whenPaused {
        settings.duration = SafeCast.toUint40(_duration);

        emit DurationUpdated(_duration);
    }
```

This is the POC for this issue:
1. DAO founders for any reason want to increase auction duration and so the auction won't be finished so they able to perform some actions, so they set auction duration to `uint40.max`, which is allowable by Auction contract.
2. now when the current Auction finished, attacker can call `settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()` to settle the finished auction and create a new auction.
3. code would settle the finished auction and would try to create new auction. the auction end time would be `uint40(block.timestamp + uint40.max) = block.timestamp-1`, so the created auction will be in finished state.
4. now attacker can call `settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()` again create a new auction and the same thing will happen. the auction contract would burn the previous auction token and create a new auction that is expired.
5. attacker can create a malicious contract that calls `settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()` in a loop and create hundreds of expired auction and by doing so two thing would happen: a) tokens that are supposed to be auctioned will be burned. b) Founders would receive a lot of NFT tokens for their vesting allocations.
6. in the end in short amount of time attacker can burn arbitrary amount of tokens and  would mint arbitrary amount of tokens for founders.


## Impact
attacker or malicious founder can cause fund loss for users by minting a lot of tokens for founder and burning auction tokens. the token price will go to 0 because of unlimited token mints.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L297-L312

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
use safe downcast when casting the endTime.