Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# vestExpiry can overflow and funder receive no NFT token while he was supposed to receive tokens for long time

## Summary
function `_addFunders() in Token contract is called upon initialization to add founders and compute their vesting allocations. the issue is that code down cast `vestExpiry` to `uint32` without checking and it can overflow and the result would be that funder won't receive any tokens. DAO may decide to give some funders NFT token for unlimited time and set `vestExpiry` to very high value to achieve their goal. but  would vesting time would overflow and code won't revert and the result would be that that funder won't receive any token at all.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of the `_addFunders()` code that handles the `vestExpiry`:
```javascript
                // Store the founder's vesting details
                newFounder.wallet = _founders[i].wallet;
                newFounder.vestExpiry = uint32(_founders[i].vestExpiry);
                // Total ownership cannot be above 100 so this fits safely in uint8
                newFounder.ownershipPct = uint8(founderPct);
```
as you can see code unsafely down cast the `vestExpiry` to `uint32` and it can silent overflow and the vesting time set funder will be different than what funders specified which my cause funder to receive no NFT.

This is the POC:
1. DAO wants to give one of the FUNDER1 1% of tokens for ever. so they would put it in funders list and set vest expiry very high number like `2^33`.
2. DAO would be deployed with Nounce Manager contract and function `_addFunders()` would be called code would downcast vesting time to `uint32` and the result will be zero.
3. as result FUNDER1 would receive no NFT token and Token contract would continue minting tokens without minting any token for FUNDER1 because the vesting time is 0 for that funder.
4. even if DAO would change the funders list again(after some time) the FUNDER1 would have lost some NFT tokens that supposed to receive. 

the fact that funders put high value for vesting time isn't their mistake, because it's not mentioned in the docs that vesting time should be less than `uint32.max` and code should have handled those big values or it should have reverted.
this is a silent failure in the code that makes some of the users lose their NFT and code doesn't work as it supposed to. code should revert if vesting time is higher than 2^32.

## Impact
some funder won't receive any NFT while their where supposed to receive NFT for long time.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L153

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
safely downcast the vesting time and revert if it overflows.