Uneven Clay Rook

medium

# Token.updateFounders will not clear tokenRecipient correctly

## Summary
Token.updateFounders function doesn't initialize `baseTokenId` as `reservedUntilTokenId` during position clearing for the owner. Because of incorrect offset it will be impossible to clear positions correctly, which leads to bigger amount of tokens for same owner.
## Vulnerability Detail
When new Token is created, then `_addFounders` [is called](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L92).

This function loops through the founders and fetches their percentage of minted tokens during vesting. Then function populates `tokenRecipient` mapping to mark token ids that should belong to owner(tokenId % 100).
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L164-L175
```solidity
                uint256 baseTokenId = reservedUntilTokenId;
                
                for (uint256 j; j < founderPct; ++j) {
                    // Get the available token id
                    baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

                    // Store the founder as the recipient
                    tokenRecipient[baseTokenId] = newFounder;

                    emit MintScheduled(baseTokenId, founderId, newFounder);

                    // Update the base token id
                    baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
                }
```
In case if owner has 20% ownership that means that he will receive 20 out of 100 minted tokens during the vesting.
One thing that we should note here is that `baseTokenId` is initialized with `reservedUntilTokenId` which is the amount of tokens that are reserved. As result `tokenRecipient` values will be shifted by `reservedUntilTokenId`.

Using `updateFounders` function owner have ability to update founders.
First thing function is trying to clear `tokenRecipient` mapping, so all old owner's vesting positions are cleared.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L412-L427
```solidity
                uint256 baseTokenId;

                for (uint256 j; j < cachedFounder.ownershipPct; ++j) {
                    // Get the next index that hasn't already been cleared
                    while (clearedTokenIds[baseTokenId] != false) {
                        baseTokenId = (++baseTokenId) % 100;
                    }

                    delete tokenRecipient[baseTokenId];
                    clearedTokenIds[baseTokenId] = true;

                    emit MintUnscheduled(baseTokenId, i, cachedFounder);

                    // Update the base token id
                    baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
                }
``` 
This function is trying to clear all positions and mark them as cleared.
This code is really similar to the one that is used in `_addFounders` function, however `baseTokenId` is 0 here and is not initialized with `reservedUntilTokenId`.

Because `baseTokenId` is not initialized with `reservedUntilTokenId`, it's likely that all positions in the `tokenRecipient` will not be cleared as wrong token position will be assumed to belong to owner.

Example(the most simple):
- reservedUntilTokenId = 10, and we have 1 owner with 1% ownership, so `tokenRecipient[10] = owner1`
- now `updateFounders` is called and because `baseTokenId` is initialized as 0, then `tokenRecipient[10]` was not cleared
- same owner was set with percentage 1%(same percentage, so it's easier to explain), then `tokenRecipient[11] = owner1` and `tokenRecipient[10] = owner1` still remains

Now `owner1` has 2 tokens out of 100 instead of 1.
The problem is that in case if user has 1% then he receives only 1 additional token, but in case if he had bigger percentage, then he will get bigger amount of additional tokens.

This bug can be triggered in case if dao uses `reservedUntilTokenId` or have migrated from l1 to l2(as it's likely that `reservedUntilTokenId` will not be 0 only after migration) and after that `updateFounders` was called.
## Impact
Owner receives additional vesting tokens.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Initialize `baseTokenId` with `reservedUntilTokenId` value.