Skinny Frost Puppy

medium

# function _addFounders() in Token contract doesn't support more than 99 funder with ownershipPct and also it doesn't support less than 1% pct

## Summary
Function `_addFounders()` is called upon initialization to add founders and compute their vesting allocations. because of how funders vesting allocation mechanism in current design, it's not possible to define more than 99 funder that will receive funding token. this is a very limited number as some project has many contributors and DAO may decide to incentive many users of community.
There is also another impact that DAO can't specify funder with less that 1% pct ownership because of the current design.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `_addFunders()` code:
```javascript
                // For each token to vest:
                for (uint256 j; j < founderPct; ++j) {
                    // Get the available token id
                    baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

                    // Store the founder as the recipient
                    tokenRecipient[baseTokenId] = newFounder;

                    emit MintScheduled(baseTokenId, founderId, newFounder);

                    // Update the base token id
                    baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
                }
```
as you can see to calculate and implement funders percentage ownership, code uses a array with 100 length, each item in list specify the funder address that is going to receive tokens with (tokenID%100 == itemID). this design has some side effects:
1. DAO can't define a funder that receive less than 1% of tokens and they have to give more than 1% to each funder.
2. DAO can't define more than 99 funder to receive tokens.
This limits a DAOs that can use the Nounce builder and undermines the whole purpose of the protocol to be able to create DAOs generally.

## Impact
not all DAOs can be created by this design.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/db232c649b425c36f5a93607c95cfdf0e5962b2f/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L163-L175

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
the better design would be let DAO create the list and pct denominator. the list max size could be high too up to reasonable number like 500. list can be pruned by creating new list without expired items too.
