Bright Fossilized Seagull

high

# Founder loses first NFT due to flawed token ID calculation beyond 100 reserved tokens

## Summary

A calculation error in determining the baseTokenID can lead to a founder not receiving their first NFT when the number of reserved tokens exceeds 100.

## Vulnerability Detail

The DAO's `addFounder` function is designed to allocate NFTs to founders based on a reserved mapping of token indices (0-100). Founders are meant to receive NFTs within this range.

The issue arises when setting the first token ID for founders (`reservedUntilTokenId`). If this value is over 100, the calculation incorrectly assigns the founder's token ID outside the intended 0-100 range. This misalignment causes the founder to loss their first NFT.

        // Used to store the base token id the founder will recieve
        uint256 baseTokenId = reservedUntilTokenId;

        // For each token to vest:
        for (uint256 j; j < founderPct; ++j) {
            // Get the available token id
            baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

            // Store the founder as the recipient
            tokenRecipient[baseTokenId] = newFounder;

            emit MintScheduled(baseTokenId, founderId, newFounder);

            // Update the base token id
            baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L160-L176

For example, with reservedUntilTokenId set to 120, meaning 120 tokens are reserved. The new baseTokenId to assign to the founder is calculated in `_getNextTokenId`.

        baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

Let's inpsect the function `_getNextTokenId`, because there is no recipient assigned to tokenId 120 yet, the statement `tokenRecipient[_tokenId].wallet != address(0)` equals to false. The function `_getNextTokenId` returns _tokenId which is 120.

        /// @dev Finds the next available base token id for a founder
        /// @param _tokenId The ERC-721 token id
        function _getNextTokenId(uint256 _tokenId) internal view returns (uint256) {
            unchecked {
                while (tokenRecipient[_tokenId].wallet != address(0)) {
                    _tokenId = (++_tokenId) % 100;
                }

                return _tokenId;
            }
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L184-L194

It means the first NFT of the newFounder is assigned to token id 120, which is outside the intended range

When claiming the token, the _mintWithVesting function fails to recognize the founder's claim to token ID 120, as it is converted to baseTokenID 20 (uint256 baseTokenId = _tokenId % 100), which is already assigned to a different recipient.

        /// @dev Checks if a given token is for a founder and mints accordingly
        /// @param _tokenId The ERC-721 token id
        function _isForFounder(uint256 _tokenId) private returns (bool) {
            // Get the base token id
            uint256 baseTokenId = _tokenId % 100;

            // If there is no scheduled recipient:
            if (tokenRecipient[baseTokenId].wallet == address(0)) {
                return false;

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L263-L269

## Impact

Founders lose their first NFT entitlement when reservedUntilTokenId is greater than 100.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L160-L176
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L184-L194
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L263-L269

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To fix this issue, ensure the base token ID for a founder remains within the 0-100 range, regardless of reservedUntilTokenId:

```diff
        // Used to store the base token id the founder will recieve
-       uint256 baseTokenId = reservedUntilTokenId;
+       uint256 baseTokenId = reservedUntilTokenId > 100 ? reservedUntilTokenId % 100 : reservedUntilTokenId;

        // For each token to vest:
        for (uint256 j; j < founderPct; ++j) {
            // Get the available token id
            baseTokenId = _getNextTokenId(baseTokenId);

            // Store the founder as the recipient
            tokenRecipient[baseTokenId] = newFounder;

            emit MintScheduled(baseTokenId, founderId, newFounder);

            // Update the base token id
            baseTokenId = (baseTokenId + schedule) % 100;
        }
```