Uneven Clay Rook

medium

# Owners receive more percentage of total nft if some nfts were burnt

## Summary
In case if token was not sold during the auction, then it is burnt, but `settings.mintCount` is not decreased, which leads to the bigger distribution of tokens to the founders.
## Vulnerability Detail
Same issue i have report a year ago [in this report](https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-09-nouns-builder-findings/issues/94). Implementation has changed now a little, but this bug still remains.

Founders have percentage of tokens during vesting. In case if i have 20% for example that means that i should get 20 tokens out of 100 minted tokens. When new token is going to be minted for the auction, then `settings.mintCount` is increased and `tokenId` is checked [if it should be vested](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L238). In case if it should, then it is minted to the founder, otherwise it's minted for the auction.

During the auction it's possible that no one will bid. In that case [the token will be burnt](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L285). This will trigger `_burn` function, which will [decrease `settings.totalSupply`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/token/Token.sol#L308).

The problem is that it doesn't decrease `settings.mintCount`, which makes it possible for founder to have bigger percentage of vested nft.
## Impact
Founder get bigger amount of vested nfts.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Inside `_burn` function you need to do `--settings.mintCount`.