Lively Carob Monkey

medium

# Malicious pausing of Auction Contract via Gas Exception on Internal Mint

## Summary
The `settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()` function can be used by any user to pause the Auction contract. This occurs by causing the internal `_createAuction()` call to fail via a child call gas limit exception during the `token.mint()` execution.

## Vulnerability Details
The `settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction()` function makes an internal call to `_createAuction()`. 
```solidity
    function settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction() external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
        _settleAuction();
        _createAuction();
    }
```

Inside `_createAuction()`, an NFT minting occurs through `token.mint()`
```solidity
       try token.mint() returns (uint256 tokenId) {
```

According to the [EIP-150](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-150.md) `call` opcode can consume as most 63/64 of parrent calls' gas. That means `token.mint()` can fail since there will be no gas.

All in all, if `token.mint()` fail on gas and the rest gas is enough for pausing the contract by calling `_pause` in catch statement the contract will be paused.

Please note, that a bug can be exploitable if the `token.mint()` consume more than 1.500.000 of gas, because 1.500.000 / 64 > 20.000 that need to pause the contract. Also, the logic of `token.mint()` includes traversing the array up to 100 times, that's heavy enough to reach 1.500.000 gas limit.


## Impact
Contract can be paused by any user by passing special amount of gas for the call of `settleCurrentAndCreateNewAuction` (which consists of two internal calls of `_settleAuction` and `_createAuction` functions).


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L238-L241
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-nounsbuilder/blob/main/nouns-protocol/src/auction/Auction.sol#L292-L329


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this, the minting logic should be separated into its own private function with a passed-in gas stipend sufficient to prevent exceptions:
```solidity
// @notice Mints NFT safely with sufficient gas parameters 
// @return tokenId The minted token ID 
// @dev Provides sufficient gas to prevent child call exceptions
function safeMint() private returns (uint256 tokenId){

  uint256 gas = 1500000; // approx observed mint gas cost

  try Token(token).mint(){gas: gas} returns (uint256 tokenId){
      return tokenId;
  }catch{
    revert AuctionCreationFailed(); 
  }
}

function _createAuction(){
  uint256 tokenId = safeMint();
  // additional logic
}
```